hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about a science fiction film called
sunshine
be ready for some spoilers ahead
in the near future humanity is in danger
of extinction
when our sun is beginning to die out a
previous mission named icarus 1
attempted to use a massive nuclear bomb
to restart the sun for unknown reasons
their plans did not work and humanity
has lost contact with their ship and
astronauts
ever since a new crew of international
astronauts use humanity's last resources
to retry the previous plan and ignite
the sun from within
they're in the close proximity of a
communication dead zone
and captain kaneda tells everyone to
send their last messages home
before venturing forwards kappa the
physicist in their team goes first to
send his messages to all his family
members
but struggles to formulate his thoughts
he wasted so much time that mace
their engineer did not have a chance to
send his messages
and the two breaks out into a fight mace
is made to have a psych evaluation
with their psychologist cyril who tells
him to calm down for two hours in the
earth room
and apologize to his teammate his
apologies were laughable at best
but kappa accepts it as he knows that he
was in the wrong as well
their biologist karazhan manages to grow
a self-sustaining plant garden
and she informs the captain that they
will have more than enough oxygen for
the round trip
the only thing that is worrying kineda
is the last messages of the icarus one
crew
specifically their captain pinbacker his
recordings show him talking about some
dangerous philosophies
right before they were supposed to
deploy the payload which may have caused
their failure
as the team gets closer to the sun they
pass by mercury
and the team is amazed at how beautiful
the planet looks
and how small it is compared to the sun
the communications officer harvey
tells the crew that they received a
distressed signal from icarus one
thanks to mercury's iron content which
acts like a transmitter
they wonder how that can be possible
when their food should have ran out four
years ago
from their current location they are
capable of changing their trajectory and
rendezvous with icarus one
if they choose to but the question is
should they take the risk
they can potentially acquire a second
bomb which doubles their chances of
success at reviving the sun
since the technology is very
experimental at best
they may also find out what caused the
failures in the first
team and prevent it from happening not
to mention saving their lives as well
but this also means greatly increasing
their risks of failure
since many number of things can go wrong
when they deviate from the plan
and if they fail humanity fails with
them
captain kaneda decides to leave this
decision to kappa
as he has the most knowledge about the
inner workings of the bomb
after running some simulations the
computers are unable to calculate the
success rate past a certain point
due to the massive gravitational field
of the sun which distorts space
and time kaneda pushes kappa for an
answer
and he reluctantly says yes to the plan
kaneda seems happy with this decision
and they plot
course to intercept with icarus one they
slingshot their spaceship through
mercury's orbit
but soon the alarms come on as they rush
towards the control center
apparently they're straying off from the
plotted course
trade their navigator explains that he
forgot to readjust the sun shield to
compensate for their new trajectory
even though he calculated everything
correctly
canada tells everyone to calm down as
they're still alive
meaning that the damages can very well
be repaired
they need to go outside to assess the
damages and repair them if necessary
mesa asserts that kappa should go since
it was his idea to change
course kappa and kineda arrives at the
sunshield
while their pilot casey steers it
halfway away from the sun
allowing it to be cool enough for them
to examine the situation
they see that four panels have been
damaged but they're 400 meters apart
they begin to repair them one by one but
soon icarus begins steering the shield
back to full
sun automatically after the rays have
damaged their oxygen compartment
casey tries to steer it back to protect
her teammates
but kaneda stops her as moving the
shields now risks damaging the payload
which would make the mission a failure
kaneda tells kappa to return to the ship
as he can finish this by himself the sun
rays move
closer and closer to the captain as he
finishes repairing the last panel
he looks at the oncoming flares and gets
blasted
into dusts corazon goes to the oxygen
garden
only to see it in flames with their
oxygen compartment damaged
they now lack the necessary oxygen to
make it to deployment
even disregarding the return trip they
have the option of killing three crew
members
which will allow them to have enough
oxygen for the deployment
but the crew refuses to lose their
humanity so quickly
they now have no choice but to intercept
with icarus one
hoping that it has the necessary
resources for them to complete their
mission
trey is put under suicide watch by cyril
as he feels guilty about causing the
captain's death
the team arrives at icarus one and docks
their ship into the entrance
they find that the interior is covered
with black dust
the crew splits up to cover ground
efficiently and finds that the oxygen
garden and the payloads are undamaged
the only thing that isn't working is the
flight module
which appears to have been sabotaged
this means that they cannot pilot icarus
making its payload useless mace also
finds a very disturbing video
of icarus one's captain giving a speech
about why humanity needs to die
it is very likely that he was the one
who sabotaged the first mission
sarah finds the remains of the crew in
the observation room
it appears that they were burned to
death as someone removed the sun filter
suddenly
the ships begin shaking violently as
their docking systems break off
leaving most of the crew stranded on
icarus one
they must leave the ship now as the
bridge has also punctured a hole in the
ship
causing icarus one to lose oxygen very
quickly
mace manages to find a spacesuit and
puts it on kappa
because he's needed for the deployment
of the payload
they also need a person to manually open
the hatch from another room
but he would be left behind they line up
icarus 2 with their hatch door
and the rest of the team wraps
themselves in insulation
cyril volunteers to stay behind and
opens the door while the other 3 flies
towards equals 2
propelled by the pressure difference
harvey gets knocked off into deep space
while only kappa and mace makes it back
alive
cyril spends his last moments in the
observation room
and gets burned alive with the departure
of icarus ii
the team sits down and confirms that
their docking station did not
malfunction
so it was decoupled manually the only
person they think could have sabotaged
it is trey
but that's unlikely since he's on heavy
medication
with two more people dead they now only
require one more death so they may
arrive with enough oxygen
although casey disagrees they plan to
kill trey in order to complete their
mission
when they arrive to find trey he has
already killed himself
probably due to his guilt of failing the
mission
while performing a routine check for the
payload kappa received a warning from
icarus ii that they are in danger of
failing the mission
the reason being that there is not
enough oxygen for everyone
because there are 5 people on the ship
but that's not possible unless someone
came over from icarus 1.
he heads to the observation room and
finds a man with burns all over his body
some bathing on the platform kappa
recognizes him as pinbacker
the captain of icarus one he begins
talking about how humanity deserves to
die
and attacks kappa with a blade kappa
runs towards the exit
but gets trapped and locked behind a
door pinbacker heads back and continues
to sabotage the mission
by taking the mainframe panels out of
the coolant which causes the fly systems
to malfunction
he then goes to the oxygen garden where
corizon is lamenting
and stabs her from the back his next
victim is casey
but she realizes something is wrong and
escapes to find her teammates
pinbacker catches up to casey and
eventually captures her
mace notices a radio silence in the
spaceship and sees that kappa is trapped
in the room
kappa tells him that pinbacker is on
board and trying to sabotage the mission
mace quickly goes through the mainframe
where he attempts to manually lower them
into the coolant
which requires him to submerge himself
inside
he tells kappa to find a way out and he
must separate the payload from icarus
and deliver it manually to the sun maze
tries to fix the computers again
but his leg gets trapped under the
machine and he freezes to death
kappa manages to open the hatch door
with a flame torch
then decompressing the entire area
causing the door to fly out
he makes it to the control room and
detaches the payload from icarus ii
he then opens the exterior hatch and
jumps towards the payload
while floating in space by a feat no
less than a miracle
he makes it onto the payload and sees
the entirety of icarus ii blow up
in the sun kappa heads towards the
bomb's control room
but sees a bloody handprint on the wall
indicating that pinbacker is already
here
he finds casey sitting on the floor by
herself and runs over to ask her where
pinbacker is
to which she doesn't respond kappa is
grabbed by pinbacker right after
and pushed towards the edge of the
stadium before he's dropped to his death
casey comes to consciousness and breaks
him free
the two gets tossed away from pinbacker
as the gravitational field begins
distorting space inside the capsule
casey tells kappa to finish it as he
sees pinbacker freeze in time
indicating that they're heading towards
the singularity
he runs towards the control module and
turns on the detonation
sparkles of light begins to appear as a
new star forms from inside the room
the capsule reaches the sun's surface
and melts through the wall
the flames rush towards kappa as he
takes his last moment
and touched the surface of the sun back
on earth
kappa's sister and her children looks
towards the sky
and sees that the sun has become much
brighter
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my video please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time
you